---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: 'I have been drafting, in some capacity, for over 20 years. I started out in high school, board drafting with basic technical exercises for perspective. When my family moved from England to Texas, I moved from the basics to more professional style drafting. I took two high school classes on Architectural drafting and Construction drafting. Credits from those classes transferred to the local technical college, and when I attended college, I moved from board drafting to AutoCAD drafting. Back then, it was release 12 and 13.'
datePublished: '2016-03-23T16:03:34.928Z'
dateModified: '2016-03-23T16:03:05.015Z'
title: About Me
author: []
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
sourcePath: _posts/2016-03-23-about-me.md
published: true
url: about-me/index.html
_type: Article

---
I have been drafting, in some capacity, for over 20 years. I started out in high school, board drafting with basic technical exercises for perspective. When my family moved from England to Texas, I moved from the basics to more professional style drafting. I took two high school classes on Architectural drafting and Construction drafting. Credits from those classes transferred to the local technical college, and when I attended college, I moved from board drafting to AutoCAD drafting. Back then, it was release 12 and 13\.

After leaving school, I took a job for a small surveying company in Boerne, TX. We used Autocad 2000i, and I learned about plats, topographic survey drafting and even got to go out into the field a few times to see how the crew worked to record the data. At this time, GPS was coming into the market, and I dreamed of an integrated database of all our projects on a global coordinate system. Little did I know, this was what is now referred to as GIS.

After a couple of years doing survey work, my interest was captured by 3D animation technology. I began tinkering with 3D Studio Max, and even went to the Art Institute in Dallas for 3D Animation. While I was there, I met my wife. My family relocated from Japan to New Mexico and asked for some help remodeling their new home. We moved to New Mexico for a few months and helped insulate the houses, hang drywall and paint each room. After finishing the remodel, my wife and I moved back to Fort Worth, nearer to her family, and I found a job as a civil drafting technician.

As a civil tech, I learned to utilize Autodesk's Land Desktop software. I moved up in my project team to a trusted position where I could help define and set our standards and processes. At this same time, my son was born. He has been a joy and a blessing throughout everything I have done since.

Autodesk's reseller in Fort Worth (DCCADD) began to market Civil 3D to us in 2005\. A select few of us were chosen to pilot the program and develop the standards for its use. I was on that team, and spent many late nights working on projects while also learning the ins and outs of Civil 3D. 

In the middle of this, I was presented an opportunity to go out and help a startup engineer firm. I had wild aspirations and thought it would have been a great leap forward. The engineer used Bentley's Microstation while I was adamantly using Civil 3D. I tried to mesh the two programs, and even developed some code to tie them together. It eventually fell apart, and I ended up leaving the firm. I later picked up several consulting jobs, implementing Civil 3D for two small civil firms, and helping a surveyor with his standards as well.

Currently, I work primarily as a CAD Manager for an engineering firm in Round Rock, Texas. I still continue to consult with engineers and surveyors on standards, processes and techniques. I train users in Civil 3D and even do drafting work as needed.